Akinwande: Hello, are you
Akinwande: I'm fine, just sitting here arguing with my baby mama real quick because she just doing too much.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh,
Akinwande: So that's why I've lost your number. The first time I got it because she just started texting my phone tripping.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, I'm sorry.
Akinwande: For some summary.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Thank you.
Akinwande: Thank you. All right. I'm sorry. I was just how my nephew. Thank you, because he was on me, put your number in the phone talking about
Akinwande: The wax.
Akinwande: So how's your day.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, well, it's good, it's good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: nice and sunny here. I'm in Los Angeles.
Akinwande: Well, how about you. I'm in California to I mean conquer.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, cool.
Akinwande: Well, right now it's kind of raining over here.
Akinwande: Yeah.
Akinwande: down next to San Francisco and Oakland and all that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see. Yeah. So you guys are. Yeah, in the north, I guess, seen rain.
Akinwande: Yeah it sucks by my plants love it though.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, good for the green, but yeah. For us, it just makes us kind of down, I guess.
Akinwande: Yeah, true. But it's good for me because that's less walking. I got to do outside
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hey. So tell me, what do you do, do you do you work or
Akinwande: What do you know right now. I stopped working. I just quit my job.
Akinwande: But I'm going to a lawsuit with them because supposedly I was wrongly fired. They forcefully made me quit.
Akinwande: So,
Akinwande: For to the to unemployment, they try to appeal it is. I couldn't get it.
Akinwande: But the judge was like no, he should get it because you guys had no right to
Akinwande: fire him.
Akinwande: So from there, I started talking to a lawyer. So now the lawyers working on my case.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Wow, what a what a drama. Okay, and what, what was it, what were you doing
Akinwande: I was working at the recycling place. You know, like where you take cans and copper and brass and all that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Akinwande: Okay, I was there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Wow, what a case. Okay, well hopefully it'll lead to something, you know, if they did, if they did you wrong. I hope that you know justice prevails. Right.
Akinwande: Oh yeah, me too. Well, they know that they did that because even though I'm hearing for my unemployment.
Akinwande: I just was like, you know, it's not right. You guys just trying to say, I can't get it when you guys didn't have no reason to fire me
Akinwande: And on top of that, I got hurt on the job and I didn't even ask for workers comp or anything like guys should be more aware about your surroundings and everything that's going on. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, that's not cool. Okay, so you mentioned baby mama. So you have one child, or you have a couple of kids two kids.
Akinwande: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And she's the mom of both
Akinwande: Yeah, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And so are the kids with her.
Akinwande: Um, what do we like a week there were a week they would be
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so each week. You guys, you know,
Akinwande: Yeah, but she used to live here, she was living here for like five years. She just moved out like last week.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, last week. Okay. And here you're living with your nephew, you said
Akinwande: My mom.
Dr. Belis Aladag: With your mom. Okay.
Akinwande: But ME AND MY NEPHEW, MY SISTER. We are here at my mom's house.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Everybody's together. Okay, gotcha. Okay, so she moved out last week because. Are you guys not getting along, or what's going on.
Akinwande: In the long because she just be weird. She's weird she got ups and downs and PD of post traumatic stress and just tripping.
Akinwande: That's
Akinwande: Like a clock.
Akinwande: Like she just got wishy washy.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm sorry that's stressful for you, I'm sure.
Akinwande: Yeah well. She's she mad at me right now because one of my friends is fixing my bike so I gave her my engine for my bike so her bike will be working now.
Akinwande: And then I got a bigger engine. But I need a clutch. So he went about the clutch for me and he was sending me the receipt on the line on my email, and she has my email, and she just started pitching, I'm just like, bro. He's doing something for me. I just fixed her bike right don't trip.
Akinwande: So I think I'm about to finish my email.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's so yeah okay so okay so you got that, um, tell me about so family history, like is there a family history of substance like alcohol or other drugs. So your dad. Okay.
Akinwande: Yeah. My mom is square
Okay.
Akinwande: She square square. My mom got bachelor. She's got her major she got all different kinds of things.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, you're there. Okay. And so tell me a little bit about, you know, what brought you into this place that you find yourself now like in terms of the the drugs like what
Akinwande: Is
Dr. Belis Aladag: Your history with all this did you start with the alcohol when you were young and I'm
Akinwande: Going to be I don't drink.
Akinwande: I like drinking
Akinwande: No, I think, is stupid. Yeah, I think that's when people get into the most problems is when they drink.
Akinwande: Okay, I don't do that. And I don't like pharmaceuticals, either.
Dr. Belis Aladag: pills or anything. Okay.
It's not
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so tell me about, like, what did you. How about marijuana where you did, were you like, how did
Akinwande: We there was
Akinwande: I was smoking weed. Ever since I was like 13
Dr. Belis Aladag: Agents from
Akinwande: Yeah, from like where I grew up, and just all my friends, smoking, and then I just as I forget it. Let me try it. And then from there, it just kind of grew on me.
Akinwande: So about 16 I started smoking every single day. And now I'm 28 and so smoke every day. I'm bipolar I got back problems, all kinds of stuff.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and you got back problems like back pain.
Akinwande: Yeah, they want me to do what is that called when the people come in, check you out.
Dr. Belis Aladag: A like
Dr. Belis Aladag: Physical therapy.
Akinwande: Yeah, but they want me to get an acupuncture. There we go.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, acupuncture. Okay.
Akinwande: move us away.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so you got back problems, you mentioned bipolar. When were you diagnosed with bipolar disorder.
Akinwande: Um, when I was a kid stuff. Get out of here actually still my beef jerky.
Akinwande: Yeah, I'm, I'm sorry. My cat trying to steal my beef jerky. Um, I was diagnosed with that when I was younger, like on that, gimme bipolar disorder to
Akinwande: Okay. And then from there it was. I seen a psychiatrist before, but when I got older, I just stopped seeing them because they just didn't want to see me no more because they're like, I don't need it. And then our last one medical because I turned 21
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, okay.
Akinwande: My mom happy and Kaiser with her.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Can you were in Kaiser
Akinwande: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I used to work there. Okay, so from let's say age 1516 you were diagnosed baby and then until 21 did you take medications.
Akinwande: Um, yeah, they gave me like circling to help me go to sleep. They gave me a something else. I don't remember what it was because it's been so long since I did it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. One other thing, maybe a mood stabilizer.
Akinwande: Yeah, that's what it wasn't the mood stabilizer.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, but then 21 hit and you didn't have insurance.
Akinwande: Yes, so I didn't go to the doctors till on know Tom was like
Akinwande: 25 and then that's when I got Obamacare.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right, medical, okay.
Akinwande: So annoying. Right now, she's all over the place.
Dr. Belis Aladag: This cat is funny.
Akinwande: Yeah, you know what kind of kept this is right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No, I'm kind of cat.
Akinwande: This is a Savannah Cat.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, pretty
Akinwande: Yeah, they get like 40 pounds.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, wow. Wow.
Akinwande: $6,000 oh
Akinwande: Yeah, but it's just because the kind of cat. They are their African several months with a Siamese cat.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Wow special cat.
Akinwande: Yeah, they're just too talkative, but she likes playing the water to play spit she cut off like everything
Dr. Belis Aladag: Are you serious, she plays fetch the cat. Oh, that's
Akinwande: In the bathtub.
Dr. Belis Aladag: She's like a dog.
Akinwande: I have another animal. I have a dog. Her name is beat you.
Akinwande: I got be doing because my last talk, I had Skylar had it for years and her back leg stop working.
Akinwande: Down.
So,
Akinwande: After the two weeks. I see. She wasn't moving to a more and she kept trying to get up and stuff. I just was like, All right, let me just pay this money and go get a cremated. So I have her ashes and stuff here.
Akinwande: But other than that biggio ended up coming because Skyler and BJ she just kind of rubbed off on me. And I'm like, man, should I even do this. I just lost my dog like a month ago so BG she's here now to she's a try color goes
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, what color dog or a big dog.
Akinwande: She's a pit bull, but she's three different colors. They had to do it through bloodline dough to get the color and she's got a weird color.
Akinwande: So it's
Akinwande: A ghost try so it's called a ghost because her color kind of fades away.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh wow, that's
Akinwande: An issue three different colors and she's a blue nose.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Wow, you have special animals like really rare special animals.
Akinwande: Yeah, you won't be able to find them like this cat came all the way from LA nobody in like California handy.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Wow that's so cool.
Akinwande: In the Bay Area.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You better take good care of them.
Akinwande: Oh yeah, I know. Like I said, though she's just annoying. She talks too much.
Dr. Belis Aladag: She talks.
Akinwande: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That she run away, though, are you worried she. Oh, no.
Akinwande: No, she's Marco these cats. So basically, they're known for being loyal and they don't they hit the genius Book of World Records for being the biggest cat.
Akinwande: Wow. Oh, you see, look, there goes BG right there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh yeah. What a pretty
Dr. Belis Aladag: High
Akinwande: Speed you
Akinwande: Try to keep all my animals all good on my animals are nice animals.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, look how sweet.
Akinwande: And then they're good when my kids as well.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, I bet. How old are the kids.
Akinwande: Oh, one is three and the other one is about to be too.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, they're little, okay.
Akinwande: It wasn't supposed to happen. Back to back like that, though.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, so that was a little unexpected.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, gotcha, gotcha. Okay.
Akinwande: And then I
Akinwande: Just lost another kid with the same person, but she can five months early she was alive for three days and then it was all bad. We had to put her down.
Akinwande: So I think that's some that started it. Oh, you see, look it told you she's weird on
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, look at her.
Akinwande: She's rubbing on my dog.
Akinwande: She loves to love on everybody. She's weird
Akinwande: Like they're cleaning
Akinwande: Yeah, yeah. I can't leave. I go to the bathroom. I see a little heat underneath the door. She's trying to get in.
Akinwande: Me alone.
Dr. Belis Aladag: She, she won't give you your space.
Akinwande: Dead and when they want to they want to cry for hours until I give him.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh yeah. Well, listen. You were just talking about something very emotional. So, so when did this happen this child.
Akinwande: This happened. About four or five months ago. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you were saying something that it started something for you.
Akinwande: Know it's what made it start up again, you know, and then I'm done. Mom, all of us, gotta go like my mansion make us all go in June. So there's just a whole bunch of situations that are kind of like
Akinwande: Yeah.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then it sounds like are you and your. Are you guys still together with your girlfriend or your partner.
Akinwande: Yeah yeah
Akinwande: Cuz I'm doing this, go into this little program right here.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Okay, good.
Akinwande: But the
Akinwande: Thing with me and her is that I wanted to go to this because this will help me. She don't want to go, but she moved. She left to go to Granny's house because she don't know nobody over there that has anything like that. So, therefore, she would be clean that
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's her method of getting clean
Akinwande: Yeah, but then she tries to do like if you don't do this, then you don't get your kids or you don't get to see your kids or something like that. But it's like getting there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah yeah
Akinwande: Yeah, that's her. She's weird, like I said she's just a weird person.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. All right. So she's going to her grandmother's house, where is that far away from you or
Akinwande: Oh, it's not really far as three cities over
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, Anna. Okay, so do you. So what are you guys doing with the kids that are temporarily she's holding on to them for
Akinwande: You okay, we do weekend week
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Oh, you're still going to do the week week okay
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, like
Akinwande: They come back to me on Saturday.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, gotcha.
Akinwande: Oh yeah, I told her bed. She don't do that. Then we're going to Fort
Akinwande: Okay. Oh my god.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, absolutely. And there's so little they need their parents to be clear, clear in the head, you know,
Akinwande: Okay, she got she got mood swings, like she gets mad because she liked the kids don't listen to me. They only listen to you. And it's just like, Oh, no.
Akinwande: You're just like my mom said my mom said that I just 10 more to them. That's why I probably why they listened more. Yeah. Oh, no, no, but I feel like this is gonna have to work. Otherwise, it's gonna be all bad.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, so tell me. So when did you first start using math when when we're
Akinwande: Not on. Um, is there. Hold on.
Akinwande: Cuz somebody just called me on Facebook.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, I can't hear you anymore. Okay, let's see.
Akinwande: Oh hello.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, are
Dr. Belis Aladag: You want to call again.
Akinwande: Call. Yes. Can I
Akinwande: Yeah, you tell me your number again.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It is six, six.
Akinwande: Rocky, can you give me your phone. So I can get the number real quick.
Akinwande: Cuz Tyler is fucking up my call.
Akinwande: Oh,
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's 6610200871. Yep.
Akinwande: All right, I'll call you back right now.
Akinwande: Okay, thank you.
Akinwande: Hello.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hi.
Akinwande: All right, thank you. I couldn't hear you. One of my friends was calling me on Facebook and it kind of counteracted
Akinwande: So did your voice out. So I can't really hear you that well.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I say okay well I'm glad you were able to call back in. Um, okay. So we were saying you were telling me you told me about the weed. You know, like that you've been smoking daily since 16 okay
Akinwande: Yeah, it helps me to as well because you know I got back problems and stuff like that. That's only some I started getting into it because I don't like pharmaceutical
Akinwande: Okay, so I rather deal with that, then all the chemicals in the, you know, I started growing it but then after a while, I just became like a family thing like my dad does it. So that's who kind of got me on to growing weed and wanting to do it introduced me actually my first time ever.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh wow, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. All right. So, so right now. Do you feel. Do you feel that the weed has gotten you into any sort of trouble and
Akinwande: Never been to jail, no nothing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Nothing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You don't
Dr. Belis Aladag: You don't any negative sides to the weed to the using no
Akinwande: I don't steal. I don't do anything like that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do you feel like you are
Akinwande: Actually helps people because if I didn't have we've. A lot of people will be hurt.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Why do you say that you have you have anger otherwise.
Akinwande: I polar like like me a switch at a blink of an eye. If I get mad at something and not don't smoke or some I just got moved
Akinwande: Good. You need a charger.
Akinwande: Which one
Oh,
Akinwande: Hello.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So I see
Akinwande: That ever since I was a kid, though.
Akinwande: I then for me, not wanting to take those pills that they're giving me from the psychiatry is because I just don't want them. I just started smoking and I felt like that's better for me because I don't have no issue. I don't have trouble, no nothing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and you
Akinwande: Know, you know, some people are lazy stoners and to sit there and don't want to do not know that's not me.
Akinwande: I like to smoke and then I'll go out for a walk or go to the gym or something. I'm active
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. And so right now, you're not on any meds, no medical okay
Dr. Belis Aladag: And the last time, you're on meds for the bipolar was when you were 21
Akinwande: Yeah, okay.
Akinwande: And I didn't even take them down.
Akinwande: I just had them stacking up
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, you didn't take them, then that's when you were using the weed for your symptoms.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And for your back. Yeah.
Akinwande: Yeah. My back's already went out on me three different times and I'm on the 28
Dr. Belis Aladag: When did that start happening. What happened, did you injure yourself.
Akinwande: Ever since I was a kid. She's been like this. They gave me, Mr eyes. They didn't find that and again captains and and find him to give me a spinal taps and then find the
Akinwande: Okay, so that's what they wanted me to see a chiropractor.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Chiropractor and then an acupuncturist. You were saying
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah okay but
Akinwande: I don't do needles. So I didn't go over
Dr. Belis Aladag: To that. Yeah.
Akinwande: They're
Dr. Belis Aladag: They're tiny though they're so tiny. But still, yeah.
Akinwande: Our moms always like, you've got all these tattoos and you scared of needles. You can't do it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And yeah you got these piercings going on like
Akinwande: Those different like a needle is like be like it hurts like a tattoo or whatever it's quick, so you don't gotta worry about that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's true.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Understand
Akinwande: Me, I can't do that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so. Okay, so tell me, tell me about. Tell me about the the mess. When did that first start. How did that kind of go about
Akinwande: The truth. I don't even know it.
didn't just happen.
Akinwande: Like, oh no, it's probably influences people around.
Akinwande: When I was younger than it just kind of follow me.
Akinwande: I would say
Akinwande: For the most part, you kind of
Akinwande: Followed me
Akinwande: But I don't
Akinwande: Do like I don't do nothing for the I'll just spend my money. Tell me, I don't want to take. No, but I don't believe it's still, still, and I'm not cool, because if somebody else got that was you to try to take it away from them. They were carport yeah you don't have the right to do that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So,
Akinwande: I don't do nothing like that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: When, when would you say it all started. Were you like taking it once in a while when in your 20s or like, Well, you're in your 20s, but like you
Akinwande: Know, I think it happened after I started popping PILLS. When I was younger.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like you were held 1617
Akinwande: You know, in high school and then everybody's about to go on and people start popping PILLS, AND going to parties and stuff.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, ecstasy pills and then people have speed ever met. Okay. And that's when you started like getting a taste for it.
Akinwande: Yeah. Again, it just was always around so I didn't have to go look for nothing. It was just always around from the people that be around me.
Akinwande: Know my dad or somebody. She's always around
Dr. Belis Aladag: Always there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: What about your partner. When did you meet her, and was, she was
Akinwande: Losing my manager.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Sorry.
Akinwande: She was my manager.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, OK.
Akinwande: So I was working at McDonald's for seven years and then I got with her and then ended up getting my hours cut. It's our way.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I gotcha. But she was working there she was the manager.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Mm hmm. And what she
Dr. Belis Aladag: Was she also using with you.
Akinwande: Oh, we were doing some totally different Lewis off Coke. I used to be a cocaine back in the day.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Akinwande: I'm the one I showed her
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, good.
Akinwande: Personality, so it was bad for me.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see. So you did you introduce her to cocaine.
Akinwande: Or you're talking about mental she she she had that
Dr. Belis Aladag: She had the cocaine already and
Dr. Belis Aladag: You guys kind of met up and you were doing that, but then
Dr. Belis Aladag: You producer to math and
Dr. Belis Aladag: Then things got out of hand for her with that.
Akinwande: Yeah.
Akinwande: Got it from there. That's what brought me down because I was trying to go and get it for her, make sure she was cool and happy, then I just fuck my own stuff up at the same time.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Tell me about that. What do you mean by that, what happened what we
Akinwande: Know, like I say we be going through a lot of stress and I got a lot of things that I'm going through right now. So just all the drama or the stress.
Akinwande: You know, you only got a little bit of time for you to like, calm down and think so, no. The only time we were able to sit down and talk and think without having anything getting away was then
Akinwande: Yeah, we ain't even kind of like even tripped off our kid dying because we had so much stuff going, like I said, we gotta still move have problems at my house today. And I just had to go through a whole bunch of stuff.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Akinwande: What police with everything. But like I said, I never been to jail, anything like that. I never been in trouble by the law.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's good. At least you have that that's a blessing.
Akinwande: Oh yeah but you know I get stereotyped all the time because how I look. I got a lot of tech tools. I got trade. So when they see me. They call me over.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh,
Akinwande: Yeah, I get harassed by cops.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's cool. That's
Akinwande: Good. But I'm used to it, though. Ever since I started getting tattoos and everything. That's when I knew everything was real.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Akinwande: Yeah.
Akinwande: First question.
Everything.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Interesting.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But you know, it's, I guess part of human nature or whatever but
Akinwande: There we go. Types
Dr. Belis Aladag: Stereotyping
Akinwande: Because everybody like bro, you don't be like all the other black people. I'm like, Yeah, I know.
Akinwande: That's the difference between me and then I don't act like that that's ratchet. I got kids. I got
Akinwande: I got
Akinwande: My kids when they hear them my number one priority. I don't smoke when they hear nothing. When I do smoke weed. I go outside.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Okay, good. So, okay, and you have your mom there and you have other
Akinwande: Moms there. My sisters here, my nephew's here his brothers here.
Akinwande: So it's not just me. Here is a whole bunch of people to kids are never alone. There's always somebody within
Dr. Belis Aladag: Monitoring and making sure
Akinwande: They're safe.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, good.
Akinwande: And I'm not in the living room where we sleep at so we can watch it, even if we're standing outside. We can still watch him because the cameras.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, good. Yeah. Cuz there's so little. You have to know what's going on with them.
Akinwande: Then we got gates up so we can block them off so they can run throughout the whole house.
Akinwande: So I pretty much got all that handle. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Good, good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And, you know, as a dad, you should always be extra careful because, you know, I hear from patients, I hear you know I see so many patients that have over the years I hear stories of, like, yeah, I was just a kid and nobody knew what was happening, but I was molested or I would you
Know,
Akinwande: Yeah. And whenever people are around my kids, I'm always telling
Akinwande: My kids aren't allowed to go nowhere with nobody and they know. They better not talk to anybody that they don't know
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, you have to be vigilant, because it's just such a weird world.
Akinwande: Yeah, cuz they happen to my girlfriend when she was younger. So like I tell my girl. Like, I don't want my kids around that.
Akinwande: Like because she wants to take them to go see the other side. I'm just like, oh no hospital about that because the stories you've been telling me and the store your sister was selling me on think that's cool.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, you have to be very careful and I would if she's gonna do that either go with her. Or, you know, I don't know, have a promise that she's gonna beat with them the whole one
Akinwande: I don't approve of them even going over there like that because I just don't think that's cool or smart at the same time.
Akinwande: Yeah, but you know how you people are when you talk about their side of the family. Oh no, fuck that they're my side, you can't do my people like that. So that's the kind of thing we'd be going through. Sometimes. But, I'm, like, Bro, you're not using your head.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, yeah, let's think about it from the kids perspective, right, like we get all ego our ego gets in the way. Well, my family, your family, whatever. It's like, but it's about
Akinwande: I've been disowned as a kid like my whole family song.
Akinwande: So,
Akinwande: Just ever since we were kids, they did to me, my sister, my brother. Everybody did we just not want it in
Akinwande: That my mom. She was adopted. So, you know, my mom, she only talk to them. Every once in a while. So I think that's what kind of happened from them, not really talking to us when we were younger, being around them and growing up with them. It's just like a fucking
Akinwande: So I don't really talk to them on the person. I talked to them. I know and talk to them about. Yes, my name our kids is my family.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see. Yeah, that's hard. That's hard.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so you mentioned your back pain. Is there anything else in your body like review of systems like any you'd like
Akinwande: To wear my shirt that I had to get cut out
Dr. Belis Aladag: In your throat.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, wow.
Akinwande: Finger got cut off with scissors.
Akinwande: Oh, so yeah, I got a lot of problems.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so that, and that's on your left hand.
Akinwande: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Next finger. Okay.
Akinwande: I got a lot of problems with
Akinwande: Joe me to do certain things.
Tell me.
Dr. Belis Aladag: When you say that. Are you talking about like pain or just the stress or the
Akinwande: Pain, everything is just all in one.
Akinwande: Yeah.
Akinwande: I met you thinking wonder about certain things. You know when you're going through a whole bunch of problems. Kitty. Come on. Get out of here.
Akinwande: Thank you. Yeah. When you're going through a lot of problems, know what I mean. Yeah.
Akinwande: And when you ain't really got nobody like that they can just run and go talk to her cat. Come on, please.
Akinwande: Go and run to and have them talk to you or nothing like that. I've got a father figure, my dad's home.
Akinwande: Because I didn't get raised around
Akinwande: So he's more, my friend. If you ever tried to discipline me. And so we already know what it is.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's not, it's not a father figure
Akinwande: Yeah, my dad gives me well. Oh, so
Akinwande: Let's
Akinwande: Be back real quick and see what my dog is barking.
Akinwande: Okay, thank you.
Akinwande: Kitty.
Akinwande: Sorry about that. It was door dash
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, okay. So we were talking about. Yes, stress, leading to things and feeling like you don't have like a support.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, support system.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Where you have your mom and sounds like your mom is a good figure and my
Akinwande: Mom got cancer. So I'm sitting here helping my mom. But now my mom, she on know shown that she hit menopause, or what
Akinwande: But now she's just tripping she like, I don't want nobody here. So now it just made me to a whole nother level that I just gotta get my shade shade and just do whatever I can to
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK. OK, so there's stress, just with that relationship to
Akinwande: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm sorry she has can't. What kind of cancer. Does she have
Akinwande: Ovarian cancer.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh boy. When did she get
Akinwande: A when she kept getting all these blood clots. They put her on blood thinners, and the blood clots kept coming
Akinwande: Happened after my daughter died, the same day on the way home, she was coming up the stairs and she was getting out of breath. She had to go to the hospital. Sure enough, she got blood clots. They did a test and it came back positive
Dr. Belis Aladag: And so just just February, then you
Akinwande: So like I said, it's
Akinwande: Just a whole bunch of life events that just kind of drove us to it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Wow, you got a lot going on ovarian cancer. That's not a. That's no joke. Is she did she have the staging surgery and everything.
Akinwande: Right now, she's on she's got to do chemo, but they won't let her in. Right now, because of the corona. And she could get sick quick and easy.
Akinwande: So she's on a breathing machine because she has problems or even like a see pat machine which you go to sleep at he has a machine that she stays with all the time now because she gets out of breath moments kind of age, she's like 550 or some so she has a lot issue.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, I'm so sorry, that's tough. That's tough. So she's going through physically she's going through a lot. So yeah, I mean, I'm not that surprised that mentally. She's like, I can't have this but you know she might need you actually
Akinwande: Doing my girl was her caregiver.
Akinwande: Because at first I was going to do it. But then I felt bad for my girl, because I know I can always get a job. Whenever I wanted
Akinwande: So I was just like, here you could go on and do it. But she didn't do her job and she was supposed to send my mom's side well either. You can do it. Or I'm gonna have my mom do it but that's my mom. Well, if we're leaving. Then why am I going to do it. I may not even be around here.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, so
Akinwande: Yeah I don't know what's going on. No, I'm leaving. Because what my mom's one day she scored the next minute she's not she's blippy floppy.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's too much.
Akinwande: Yeah, but it's, I think my mama some going on with her right now. They just got to find out what it is.
Akinwande: Like sometimes she remember shit. Sometimes you don't. It's just weird.
Dr. Belis Aladag: They do a full body scan.
Dr. Belis Aladag: After the candle.
Akinwande: I know that she's still got them in touch her lungs right now. And then she been she had a stroke like four different times. I've got a whole left side of her paralyzed. She's been to hell, but just
Dr. Belis Aladag: poor lady. I'm sorry, that's, that's a lot. Yeah. And then her having the personality changes and that's rough.
Akinwande: I know that's what kind of stresses us out too.
Akinwande: Because you know sometimes you don't take your insulin acapella we're at any just brings more drama and stuff into it and then her my girlfriend don't get along, because a month if she not good for me. So it's just a whole bunch of stuff on
Dr. Belis Aladag: The drama man life drama.
Akinwande: So like I said, we ain't even really had time to grieve over nothing. I'm just emotion. I'm trying to get everything together. So everybody can stay together.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, um, tell me about any in the past or recently any suicidal ideation. Have you had any thoughts.
Akinwande: On we did it twice.
Akinwande: Yeah, but it's cuz do all the drama and the stress and everybody always facing here, it just know what else doing them or girl be playing with me sometimes like
Akinwande: Oh no, I feel like she just tried to punish me for whatever she wanted and she even go back over to Brian to her Granny's house because her mom different Canada.
Akinwande: So her mom is about to move out here anyway but oh no, just ever since her mom was like, she's about to come out here. She's been acting Halloween.
Akinwande: So that's kind of do stuff off between us.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So when was so you had two attempts. When was the last time. Recent
Akinwande: Know it's been a while.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like
Akinwande: I no longer than that, like,
Akinwande: Two or three
Dr. Belis Aladag: Two or three years ago. Okay. And you're under a lot of stress. Now do you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Say, if you had to
Dr. Belis Aladag: Put yourself in a category of low, medium, high risk of suicide. What would you say about yourself.
Akinwande: Oh no, I don't think about it. No more because I got my kids. I'll just be stressed. Sometimes I just be like, why the hell do I gotta do days why I'm always having issues. Why do people want always mess with me that's making pissed off and make me mad.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Akinwande: You don't know how to do what my anger dad did
Dr. Belis Aladag: You get angry okay but but you don't you know that, hey, I have my kids. I can't just take my life. I mean, they need me.
Akinwande: Right, yeah. Yeah, sometimes I photo in and sometimes I'm just like bucket because my girl I was trying to take him when she's mad anyway.
Akinwande: So that's why I want to go to this Court thing like I'm I think after I get done with this program. I'm gonna go to court.
Akinwande: And I'm gonna try to see what I can do, because she sometimes. Oh yeah, the kids can come to know the kids aren't coming in. She just plays around don't like that kind of gang.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So does the Court control the custody for you guys.
Akinwande: Love you don't we haven't never been to court over. We have no reason to
Dr. Belis Aladag: Got it, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so I'm going to say you're at medium, medium risk hopefully not high risk.
Akinwande: No, I'm not. I don't think about it. I got like i said i got too much stuff. Oh no, I got people that need me here to help them out. And my kids, like I said, when I'm gone all know who they got over here.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Exactly. Okay. Good. Good. So the that'll keep you safe.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, you feel pretty safe right now in terms of
Akinwande: Like that is when she tries to take my kids away with the fuck, man.
Yeah.
Akinwande: But like I said, she'll just do it because she's mad like I had another dog here when I broke her whether she took the dog and give the doctor it all the way in Sacramento. And then she left my house because I told her to leave so she took the dog to
Akinwande: Spot. I didn't have the dog or tripping crying looking for him the whole time cat looking for them.
Akinwande: So, I'm sorry.
Akinwande: You didn't do not to be. You just heard show other pets.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, that's not cool.
Akinwande: So she just young. I got a six year difference on her.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, I see.
Akinwande: A big age difference
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see, yeah, that makes a difference. Sometimes with certain things.
Akinwande: Young, she's polish. Yeah. She don't think she think everything is handed to the whole time I've been with her. She hasn't had to work.
Akinwande: Like she worked with me for only a month before she quit the job and I had to take care of her. And my kids and I still do. To this day, and I don't even got a job.
Akinwande: Yeah yeah
Dr. Belis Aladag: Well, okay, so you got you got some stuff going on on your shoulders, you know,
Akinwande: Yeah, I'm the man of the house like my mama say basically
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, yeah. And you are. And what about your nephews and stuff. How are they are they okay yeah
Akinwande: My nephew. So my nephew just play video games and he's in a lot of sports.
Akinwande: Good like he's a 16 so he just plays. Hello, sports, you don't never be home really he'd be with his friends.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, why
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, what was I gonna say, Have you had surgeries. You mentioned the tumor being removed.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Any other surgeries.
Akinwande: Nah, I just had to get my finger stitched up to and and that's it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. And that was it. Okay.
Akinwande: My tendon in my finger.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, that's a bad one day.
Akinwande: So,
Akinwande: Like that I can you lift your finger up. I tried everything. It will not move.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's when they knew. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: If nicotine. Do you smoke cigarettes or maybe you
Akinwande: Don't smoke cigarettes. No.
Akinwande: But not much
Akinwande: I just do it when I wake up when I eat when I'm stressing or nervous or something on the smoke highlight. Oh no, like, four of them a day, five of them a day.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Or five okay quarter pack a day.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay, if, if you want to quit that, you know, we, I can give you some patches or I can give you some since you're only doing like four or five, you can do some gum or some laws inch like candies. If you want, we can prescribe it
Akinwande: Are they do they actually work though because I tried on
Akinwande: The dipping stuff and I didn't like that because that could give you cancer.
Oh, yeah.
Akinwande: So I didn't do that. So, and then I'll try to smoke a different kind of brand is cigarettes, because I smoke reports, they're not strong enough.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, no.
Akinwande: Work.
Dr. Belis Aladag: This would
Dr. Belis Aladag: This is, this is a
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like a proven thing that works. It's nicotine replacement i mean it's it's the candy that you you soak on and it gives you the same chemical that the cigarette gives you so you get that like craving curved
Akinwande: As a healthier.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's healthier. Yeah, you can't. You don't get cancer from it, you know, and it's healthier yeah vs. Yeah. Like you, I would not recommend doing the chewing tobacco or
Your
Dr. Belis Aladag: Mouth cancer. Yeah. You don't want that. No, this would this would be good. This
Akinwande: Is for the longest because I don't like them. I like the way they smell.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, and you got
Akinwande: Yeah, it's relaxing.
Akinwande: Relaxing
Dr. Belis Aladag: Gives you a relaxation, so
Akinwande: I barely have time to take a breath because I always got so much stuff going on.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so I'm going to give you. I'll prescribe it so you can see if it works for you. It's just
Dr. Belis Aladag: Let's try it. So every time you feel like a cigarette. Try popping one of these candies and see if that helps you go out, you know, do the thing that you would normally do. Do the routine of like taking a breath going outside. What are
Akinwande: You well
Akinwande: What I do, I when I wake up in the morning I sit down. I run a blend of smoke a blunt come outside smoking look at because where we live, that we stay on the second floor. But there's a creek that runs through our whole condo.
Akinwande: So,
Akinwande: One side to the other. So I just be out here. I got plants that are growing and growing like a tangerine tree a plum tree potatoes and I got
Akinwande: Right, I got cactus. I got all different kinds of fun.
Akinwande: Oh wow, I used to grow wheat. So that's what got me into growing a plant.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's cool. You're going to growing, growing the plants and
Akinwande: That's what I
Akinwande: Learned from my dad. He a grower. And then my sister worked at CB CB
Akinwande: And she was the manager over there. So it kind of just all
Came together.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Cool.
Akinwande: Runs in our long
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, nurture plants.
Akinwande: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's cool. That's good. So you do that and you get some relief like okay
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm starting
Akinwande: On Monday.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes.
Akinwande: Actually, like right now. I just got these auto start plants and they're getting pretty big right now, but they're growing hello quick. I'm like, Well, why do they grow so quick. They're like, because it's half the time.
Akinwande: Because they auto start like a regular plan take six months. These only take three months.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, wow.
Akinwande: But you get half as much though, but I'm just like, it's okay. I just tried this time it seems to be doing good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, we'll see. Anyway, okay, so what was I saying I was gonna say that, okay. So for the smoking will try the candies.
Dr. Belis Aladag: For the the main issue, which is the math that's why you're coming to us. Right. You're like,
Akinwande: Do you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Want us. You want to stop right
You don't want sound good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's not good. You don't want it. So for that, we do a weekly group where we check in and we see where everyone's at, you know, and everyone's trying to get sober from one thing or another. I got to tell you, the majority of my patients right now are opioid users.
Akinwande: Yeah, I don't think
Dr. Belis Aladag: downers yeah those downers yet, but I have people that use meth and heroin or
Akinwande: Those that get you sick, like when you start messing with the needles and stuff. That's all bad.
Akinwande: I don't do
Dr. Belis Aladag: Good. So yeah, obviously, you mentioned the needle thing. I know you're not injecting are you smoking or you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Know snorting it or
Akinwande: Yeah, both of you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So yeah, and I have people that are just there with meth methamphetamine to so like
Dr. Belis Aladag: There's different types of people in the groups.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you would come in and like it's a weekly thing and we do a check in, like, hey, can, how was your How Was Your Week, like what's going on. Were you able to stay sober what's what's been helping what's been hurting you, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: And it's like that. And then there's a whole group of people, so people can chime in if you say something and someone's like, oh, that I went through that they can like chime in, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's like supportive and good. So you would do that every week and then you get an individual therapist. So you would get somebody that sees you just you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: To talk about and anything you know everything that's going on. You have a lot of stressors. So, you know, all the stuff with your mom's health and you're moving and her personality changes and all this. That's a lot of stuff and then your children's mother and her things and
Dr. Belis Aladag: So yeah, I think it would be good for you to do the individual therapy and talk through some of this stuff, you know,
Akinwande: I'll think I will do to good inside a group because I just get quiet. I won't say nothing. I just be sitting up kind of awkward because our so I didn't learn how to read and write, till I was in the third grade. I had a problem.
Akinwande: Because the teacher shows your skin.
Akinwande: Issues like she's probably stupid, all that stuff. So there was another teacher that sat there and actually worked with me and taught me how to do it. So I never finished school that was my downfall, but I know a lot of different trades.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, that's
Akinwande: So I don't feel comfortable like talking around people, and stuff like that don't know, I just be just fine.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You think you'd be quiet.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's okay. It's up to you. I mean, you do what feels good for you, but I would say that's kind of
Dr. Belis Aladag: Sorry.
Akinwande: I said that people are trouble.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, I mean, you may want to just join if you're curious, I think if you want to give it a chance.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You could join one group. And if you're like yeah I don't think I can. I don't think I want this, then you don't do any more groups, but give one group a chance if you want. If not, it's OK. Regardless, I think.
Akinwande: You guys do it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, um, there's one on Monday mornings at nine.
Akinwande: Can I do it next Monday. Because my kids come this Monday.
Akinwande: Coming up
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, okay. Monday the 18th to your kids are there.
Akinwande: Yeah, cuz you remember I said it comes Saturday.
Akinwande: Next Saturday.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so. Oh, but then it's Memorial Day. Are we going to work on Memorial Day. I mean, I'm happy to work but
Akinwande: Yeah, hey, you get over time. So it's good.
Akinwande: succulent place, man, they didn't give us nothing like. We worked all the holidays. We work six days a week. We didn't get no overpay we didn't get no double pay no nothing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Nothing so
Akinwande: Yeah, they work you over there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Akinwande: That's and I was the only black person there, so I didn't have no time to talk to nobody. I couldn't speak to anyone.
Akinwande: Only started working here though because I had to find a job because my mom left for Africa.
Akinwande: Oh right, for her why she was gone.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see. Yeah, so
Akinwande: I'm still stuck in
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see. Yeah, so it will be Memorial Day, and I just assume it's going to be open. So I would just try to log on. So you the way you would get into the group is you would call like you did today call the virtual clinic that first place that you call
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you say, hey, she said there's a group at 9am So call in at like zoom in at like 830
Dr. Belis Aladag: And say, Hey, I'm supposed to come into a group with Dr. Allah DAG in the 9am and then they'll give you the number another number and then you'll come in.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you don't have to say anything, you know, I'll just say, Hey, how are you, how was your weekend, you can just tell me a few things. And then you can just listen to what people are saying, see what kind of group. It is
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK, we have some good people in there that like are really supportive of each other. It's all guys and it's pretty cool.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's a mixed crowd, you know, you'll see I think it's pretty so so give it a chance. So maybe let's try MEMORIAL DAY THE 25th.
Akinwande: So yeah, I don't mind.
Akinwande: Doing it just got to be a time with my kids and something nobody want to hear kitchen. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You give
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yourself, but yeah.
Akinwande: Monsters, they get into everything. So I always make sure I'm watching
Akinwande: My kids like me and take my bike parts and put
Akinwande: Them together and try to build the bike back. I'll be like, well, leave it alone.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh yeah, you would if they are with you, you would have to get someone to watch them so you can
Akinwande: Find us
Akinwande: Every other week in the days when they're not here.
Akinwande: Okay available to do it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You could try. Okay. So try that. And so just have it in your calendar 8:30am on the 25th and then see how it goes. And then for the individual which will be. It sounds like that's what you really would want
Dr. Belis Aladag: For the individual therapy call right now when we hang up call them again and say okay I met with the doctor. She says, I'll do group, you know, Mondays, which is fine. They don't mean to put you down for that you just show up.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So say I already talked to the doctor about groups and stuff. I just need a Therapist Appointment a one on one therapy appointment and then they'll set that up.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Once you meet your therapist, you can decide with that person, how often you want to meet. Do you want to meet weekly. Do you want to meet you know twice a week. Do you want to meet less often, you know. Yeah.
Akinwande: All right. Sure.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's just good I think in the beginning of your recovery. Have you ever tried to stop before
Akinwande: I tried a lot of the times and then, like I said, through all the stuff that's been happening in my life, my
Akinwande: Unfortunate Events, it just jumping back down at him or girl. She just showed me down.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, yeah. You have you have some things, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: But you've never actually been in an official program or treatment thing before. So, so hopefully this will be a really good thing for you. Something that will kind of
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know support you in the way you need so that you do what you need to do, which is stay away from that stuff, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: And remind you that that's your goal. Like, that's what it does, by, by meeting with US Weekly or
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know as frequently as you can, you're reminding yourself like yeah I'm doing all this work. I'm sitting here with these people or doing this individual therapy because I don't want to be doing that anymore. You know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: I want to deal with my stress and my problems differently. I don't know how but differently. And so with the therapy. Hopefully you'll think of different ideas, you know,
Akinwande: It's hard. I won't give me a problem die smoke week, though, right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No, I mean, I think, you know,
Akinwande: I have a medicinal car to as well.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so as an addiction. Doctor, you know, I'm, you know, obviously, I'll I prefer if you didn't smoke, but I understand that for you. You've kind of utilized it in a way for a long time now.
Akinwande: That my daily routine.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That it's your routine. You feel it's not the problematic chemical for you. You
Akinwande: Know like
Akinwande: Honestly, I never been in trouble over it, no nothing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm not what led you to know cocaine or math.
Akinwande: Nope. Nope. I told us to people that be around me. Okay, like, you know, like I said, my dad. My dad comes my dad got to Paki for me. And I was like, Come on, let's go. Like, I got my other friends what you're doing. Come on. So it's more my influences around
Akinwande: That's not me going out my way to go and get it. It's just the people around me or my girl.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Got it. Yeah. So. So for you, so. So to answer your question, so it doesn't seem like at least right now that the marijuana is a core problem or, you know, so, so, no. I mean, I think you can put that aside and maybe in the future work on reducing your use or whatever, if you want to but for now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Stop. Yeah.
Akinwande: Because this is what keeps me sane. Give me a peace of mind and give me time to myself to think about everything.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That I can actually sit down and jog stuff down and focus on what I need to focus on
Akinwande: The guy ADHD, too. So I'm always hyper and moving around, like right now.
Akinwande: I'm talking to you want to know.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I got
Dr. Belis Aladag: Busy. Okay, so you got ADHD and the bipolar two. Okay. Yeah. So I would just be clear about it with the therapist and say, look, you know, I'm joining this program because my goal is to stay away from meth and anything else but but the marijuana
Akinwande: Don't do nothing else.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you don't do anything else, right. So, just say and but the marijuana. I just don't want to really touch that right now that's not going to be things. So I want to talk about the math problem and
Akinwande: This one's
Akinwande: Hard enough for me to even come and do like this right here because I don't like people all in my business because I'm more to myself because like I said I've got people to talk to, like that. So I just more to myself. So this was a big step for me to even come and do this.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think so. I mean, I think that's awesome, and I thank you for all that you've shared because, yeah, especially if you're not used to talking so much about your own stuff and your problems.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like it's it's a big deal. So I appreciate that. I think you did a great thing by showing up for yourself.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, and take your time.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And, you know, you're being a responsible father to you know you're setting an example, even though they don't know what you're doing. You're really setting an example for them.
Akinwande: Okay, even when
Akinwande: Even when I do smoke. I don't have none of that stuff in my house.
Akinwande: Because I can say I don't want my kids to know nothing about it on my kids see that, oh, this none of their business.
Akinwande: Stuff grown folk stuff you worry about your own
Dr. Belis Aladag: Exactly, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You want to show them.
Akinwande: Because annoying.
Dr. Belis Aladag: The cat is very attached, for sure.
Akinwande: That's how she use like this, the kind of breed. They are they like they're the most load is pit ever
Akinwande: Oh, she sleeps with me. She sleeps with my dogs, if I don't pay attention to start. Now I'm going to be an all in my face, see, oh,
Akinwande: No, I
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, man.
Akinwande: 6000 bucks for a headache.
Dr. Belis Aladag: She is intense. Okay. So, okay, so I think
Akinwande: Another reason why I got pets to keep me focused and keep you busy.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, not
Akinwande: So much tripping off of one thing
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, that's a good
Dr. Belis Aladag: Healthy
Akinwande: Huh.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do you have allergies to medication.
Akinwande: Nope. No.
Dr. Belis Aladag: All right, and then i like i said i think that if you try to quit the four or five cigarettes a day. That would be good for you. So I'm going to
Akinwande: Come here. I'll make a sandwich right now, since you're about to do this. And I guess I'll just go buy a pack of cigarettes. I got right now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, I like it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay so lozenge, so I'm going to order the lozenge, I'm going to say
Dr. Belis Aladag: One lozenge
Dr. Belis Aladag: By mouth.
Dr. Belis Aladag: As needed for cigarettes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and not exceed
Dr. Belis Aladag: 10 per day because each lozenge each candy has enough nicotine equal to this one cigarette.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So it's like
Dr. Belis Aladag: You don't want to have 10 if normally only smoke five cigarettes. You don't want to have 10 candies. That's
Akinwande: Too much
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Got it. So I'll so I'm ordering it and it's going to this Walgreens on monument Boulevard. Yep.
Akinwande: This one, okay.
Akinwande: I know some cool about these cats.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, so
Akinwande: If you look at her feet. She got a thumb.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh yeah, I see that
Akinwande: Yeah, she got done even on her back there like 24 toes or something like that.
Akinwande: Oh, wow.
Akinwande: That's how you know when they're the real cat or not. And they all have stripes on her head in the spot.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh wow, yeah. Her spots kind of look like a like a cheetah or
Akinwande: She's been several
Akinwande: You know what that is right.
Akinwande: No. So she's African several and Siamese cat. So the spots come from the African several and several they're like links and something else.
Akinwande: But that's what the polka dots come in.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, that's why she has that
Akinwande: Yeah. And then she got the clingy thing from the sorry mishka
Akinwande: Talkative from the time needs.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh my god, she definitely is a friendly one
Dr. Belis Aladag: Around you
Akinwande: Well know when other people come over, like friends or whatever she don't talk to she only talk to the people that you know like it took her a really, really long time to get used to us.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, okay. So she has to
Akinwande: Pay attention. Yeah, she rubbed me typing here.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh man, she is really something.
You selfish.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're bipolar disorder. Do you tend to have like mania, like where you're like up all night and stuff like that, or you tend to go depression or you do both.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, okay.
Akinwande: Um, I have ups and downs and it could just happen.
Akinwande: From nothing okay Linda was saying to just make me switch
Akinwande: Okay. Sometimes I black out and don't remember nothing because I'd be so mad like so I try to do a thing. Now when I get pissed off. I try to go for a walk.
Akinwande: Okay, take my dog and go for a walk and try to distract myself sound.
But
Akinwande: I know sometimes I see it working in. And sometimes it don't because the problem still doesn't get resolved.
Akinwande: Now look, this guy.
Dr. Belis Aladag: He's so cute.
Akinwande: Right now, she's only four months.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh really. Wow.
Akinwande: Yeah, they get, like I said, I get like 30 or 40 pounds.
That's insane.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm trying to find out your ad. You said you have ADHD. Right. Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: HD
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, I'm going to put that in your chart to
Dr. Belis Aladag: Just so
Dr. Belis Aladag: When the therapist sees you. They can look at your chart and see, you know, that we did our
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, I'm
Akinwande: Covered up everything.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, that we covered everything HAVE IT ALL IN THERE AND I ORDERED YOUR YOUR lozenges, so if you want to try it. I think it's worth
Akinwande: Already
Dr. Belis Aladag: On the floor. Okay, good. Look at you. Good job already
Akinwande: Know me. Then I gotta
Akinwande: Do not but take the help because, you know, nobody else's
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, I'm glad I'm glad I can. You're doing a great job.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And if I saying your name right. Is it a kin or Akin no
Akinwande: Oxygen.
Dr. Belis Aladag: A keen. OK.
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK, so a keen
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. So I think we've got everything we need. So, so to start the program. You just need to start doing your part, which is, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do, do what you need to do to stop using. So, you know, make an intention for yourself. Okay. My intention is, I'm gonna like not use from this day forward.
Akinwande: I just got to have some to keep me busy and focused and distracted.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, yeah, you need to have that. And so
Akinwande: But let's say that I tried to really keep myself busy and focused like
Akinwande: So this I'm on my backyard patio right now. Uh huh.
Akinwande: Kitty.
Akinwande: See like I really like got all these bikes, I'd be working on. I really try to keep myself focused on trees.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, you're doing all that
Akinwande: Yeah, so it's like some, like I said, I really be trying to keep myself busy so I don't get distracted and get trouble or nothing like that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, good. Yeah. You have to be tinkering with things and being productive and feeling like you're yeah in the zone.
Akinwande: You're busy. Otherwise, I'm gonna just don't off and just do whatever
Akinwande: Yeah, whatever catches my attention at the time. So I tried to stay busy all the time.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's a good thing with with good stuff, you know,
Akinwande: Yeah, because you know like I tell my mom.
Akinwande: I tell my mom anytime I Pittsburgh shipper can their own stuff. Anybody know nothing else.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, so
Akinwande: Bikes. They got video games they got everything they got they own TV I make sure my kids are taking care of the first before I take care of myself.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's good.
Akinwande: My number one priority. Like, I tell my girl like it's okay if you do what you do but you always need to make sure that you take care of your main things first.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Exactly. Your children come first. Right, that's
Akinwande: When you think about it, your kids is the only thing you got when you die you tell me they're the only ones that are going to be there like that and they're stuck with you forever. What do your kids wrong when they got to still come back to you.
Akinwande: Exactly. You don't want your kid not to want to be there because you want to be an asshole or dig and not do for them.
Akinwande: Exactly what my dad. Like I said he, my friend, like my dad, he can tell me whatever he wants. But don't listen to him. My dad got hella kids you got like 17 kids. Oh 16 different baby mamas.
Akinwande: No, yeah, and his real name, no lie is the man.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, no.
Akinwande: That's his real name. I didn't believe it either. I was like, let me see your ID and your question. You know, this is real name.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh my god, it's
Dr. Belis Aladag: Crazy. That's crazy. So yeah, so you you know what it's like not to have that strong dad figure
Akinwande: You're being there for your kids with them. Yeah, that's my mom always want to be some
Akinwande: Somebody or something that my kids can look up to and not be like oh yeah Danica he's just as a we didn't care about anything I want to have when they talk about me. Be happy to say something about. So that's why I do what I do, I do it for them. Oh.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm so proud of you. I think that's awesome. I think it's really, really important that you remember that in your mind yourself of that even when things get hard that you know what it's worth it because my children are going to remember me.
Akinwande: Like I saw my girl dough like she makes it hard, because not understand why they say some guys, don't be around because of the baby mama. It's not the kids because like she joins me to the point. Sometimes I'm just like, man, don't want all this, I'm don't even want to do it.
Akinwande: Now she just takes
Akinwande: Everything or the funding everything out of it by just either. I gotta deal with her, or I don't know nothing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see.
Akinwande: He uses them as like love rage or something because every time she gets mad. She takes and
That's
Akinwande: So that's why it's not going to finish doing this thing. So I know I'm all good.
Akinwande: And then I'ma
Akinwande: Go to court and I'm gonna try to get him full time.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, yeah. That's smart. That's smart. You want to clean up. Make sure you're 100% before you go to court and yeah exactly.
Akinwande: Even my mom and my dad and everybody else that be around like that actually interact with us all said, What's the best thing to do, but then she go back, like when she gets mad because you know when people get mad. They don't really tell the whole story did stuff.
Akinwande: With like
Akinwande: The dog situation. Right. Yeah.
Akinwande: The reason why I got mad is because they got stuck three different times. I left where the store the dogs. I left and talk to my lawyer outside on the patio. Right now, the dogs were stuck. And she was sitting right there.
Akinwande: Like what if the dog is pregnant. My mom is going to kick us out. We have nowhere to go. You don't think about the stuff like that. But then she went to tell her mom I just told her to get rid of the dog.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, that's
Akinwande: Me. Look at me weird now because she get mad and like a run off over there for weeks and then just go over there and say, whatever. So not a look at me where so now I'm to the point now I don't even really talk to her family anymore.
Akinwande: Because she messed that up and like I told her, like,
Akinwande: I ain't mad at them mad at you because you lied and you do whatever. So you can have your way and they felt bad for you. It's not good for people always feel bad for you, because if you go back for yourself all the time. And what are you going to do
Dr. Belis Aladag: Exactly.
Akinwande: So, oh no.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Go ahead.
Akinwande: I guess like I tell my mom God put us in these kind of situations because we were built for it if we weren't built for it. They wouldn't do it to us.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's true. You can you will. And you can and you have handled the stresses that have come to you, thus far right, even though you felt like, Wow, I can't get through this. You've gotten through every single time, despite all this stuff.
Akinwande: But it drove me to understand
Akinwande: And that's why I am where I am now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I know, but so we're not, no one's perfect. But
Dr. Belis Aladag: The important thing is not being perfect. The important thing is that you get up and you try and you say, you know what I wanted. I think I want to change this around for myself. And that's what you're doing, you're trying
Dr. Belis Aladag: So this is, this is going to be. I think you have all the good intention of doing this, you have your children as a huge motivator and you're surrounded, even though you don't feel like you have place you can really talk to at least you're surrounded by family you know you have some family.
Akinwande: You know we bump heads. So like me and my mom were cool that we could bump heads and just be cool right after the most is the bellows just up and down.
Akinwande: So like, I don't really talk to her like even though we all live together. We don't really interact I interact with your son because I helped him when he was little.
Akinwande: Like I stopped working. Everything came back to my mom's house to help take care of them because she didn't want them at the time.
Akinwande: And then he came back with her.
Akinwande: So he kind of give me my way how to work with kids.
Akinwande: Pick them up from school up and with his homework and stuff. So he kind of gave me my own practice with mom.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Akinwande: So that's why me and him are so close.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I gotcha.
Akinwande: Gets it was a good thing.
Akinwande: Yeah, for her. We don't really talk to then she just had her new baby like I'm in a couple months ago. Like, I think he's like five or six months, right, new
Akinwande: Mm hmm. So, no, no.
Akinwande: We'll see how this plays out.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, we'll see. We'll see what happens. But remember, set your intention. Okay, I'm not going to us from this point forward.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Or what do I need to do. Okay, I don't want to hang out with my dad or I don't want to hang out with these people or when they call. I'm going to say, oh, you know, I'm busy or whatever. Just figure out a way that you're going to avoid as much as you can. The influences
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm work it out in your mind before the interaction, because that will happen. I mean, your dad is going to call or come over well.
Akinwande: He pops up out of the blue.
Dr. Belis Aladag: He just randomly shows up so you
Akinwande: You live like a hope to our fucking Bart right away and you're still popular
Dr. Belis Aladag: So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: So be prepared mentally that okay he's gonna come. But what am I gonna say if he says, Hey, you know, I got some stuff.
Akinwande: But, but he knows my situation with my girl and I just got diagnosed. She acting weird know understand
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, yeah, just something simple to keep them like, okay, I'm not
Akinwande: Gonna know how it is with her. So my dad. He already know because you think the
Akinwande: First time she done did some weird shit like this. This is like an episode with her, but she smokes too much.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes.
Akinwande: Yeah, this is what happens every time.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you already know what to tell him.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Figure out what you're going to say if those other people call you and offer stuff or tell you to do stuff.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Figure out what you're what you're going to say. And that way, you're relaxed. So when it comes at you, you're like I know what I'm going to say it's automatic. Like for your dad. You're going to say, oh yeah you know this is going on with her. So I can't thank
Akinwande: you trippin. Again, bro.
Akinwande: Near just back on.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, and then whatever you're going to say to your other friends or whatever.
Akinwande: But I don't know what to say. Then
Dr. Belis Aladag: You could just be honest, too. I mean, I don't know, but it's up to you, but you could be like, Look man, I'm trying not to do this stuff anymore. Like, I'm a dad I got two kids like I can't be doing this anymore. So
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, and sometimes people are understanding, they might actually be like, You know what, that's cool, man. We're not going to pressure you
Akinwande: Yeah, but then they all like, bro. You know, we all know you went to their sleep to do anything that's really what I do. I went to sleep. You see, I try to be a good partner center.
Akinwande: Yeah, not
Akinwande: Have my kids involved in anything like that.
Akinwande: So I got to smoke outside everything we don't do anything near them.
Akinwande: Yeah. So Debbie, like, bro. Your kids are sleeping already know. I just know I gotta do. She's back bout MacOS tripping she's trying to take the kids away from me.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah yeah
Akinwande: So that's how much I just say, even though she's not trying to still
Dr. Belis Aladag: Say it. You know, yeah, use that and then just just stick to it, you know, do the best you can. Every day that you don't smoke that you don't use
Dr. Belis Aladag: Give yourself a little reward, maybe even if it's like something small like I don't know a $5 bill, put it in a jar, you know, and say at the end of like a month. I'm going to use this for something that I really want for myself.
Akinwande: And my girl was still there should just see it and be like, oh, it's money here. Yeah, that's her, she'll come through here, less, for she do she come to the house. See anything she wants to just take it in the lead. That's it. I can't say nothing about it because she my baby mama.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Well, she needs to learn how to get along with you and not not just, you know,
Akinwande: Tastes yummy like me when her stuff whenever she wants some is here is here like this black, black, I got a buddy for her. She don't even running. She only run once and it was a $500
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh my god.
Akinwande: And then my friend wanted to buy it. She said, No, that's my mind. Maybe you don't even write it. Oh, yeah. So I think I'ma sell it and you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, you should sell it and you know
Akinwande: She doesn't deserve the stuff I do
Akinwande: Because it all comes back and bites me man is like right now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Akinwande: Well, that's why I'm
Akinwande: Trying not to be gone. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Well, anyway, getting back to you reward yourself in a small way, even if it's a
Dr. Belis Aladag: Chocolate. I don't know, something small, but good to remind yourself every day that you stay on the path, which is not using you give yourself something
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then you show up to your individual therapy. And then if you can do your tribe at least tried doing the groups with us. You can try doing the groups with us. Okay.
Akinwande: Mm hmm. So I got a question.
Akinwande: Mm hmm. So are you talking about all these different kind of things right so shrooms, you know, shrooms are legal and Oakland. Right. And they have a shoe store out there.
Akinwande: Okay, well why is that if they, you can't have them anywhere else. And they're illegal to sell. But you still sell them at the store. It's a shame. Students flash Kennedy School
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hmm, I did not know honestly, I did not know that they could sell shrooms
Akinwande: Liga from there all the time.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. Well, I, I don't know. I don't know about that. Um, I do know that state laws and federal laws like the country wide laws are different.
Akinwande: That's why I said it's a bad law so
Akinwande: Why do we want to have it.
Akinwande: Because you can't have shins out here and conquered and it's only
Akinwande: 20 minute drive away from open
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's weird.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, I don't know how they did that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I don't know.
Dr. Belis Aladag: If there's nothing in
Dr. Belis Aladag: With medical use intent.
Akinwande: Probably, are they using it as a touch type thing. It's a religion.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh yeah, maybe because it's a hallucinogen you know
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, um, perhaps, I don't know. I don't know the answer to that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But a
Akinwande: Smart so smart question on
Dr. Belis Aladag: That is that is a good question. I don't know.
Akinwande: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But a
Akinwande: Rose thinking like I just was over there. The other day when I went about weed. I'm like, whoa. Why do they got mushrooms over here, you can have these they had like nine different con
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's weird.
Dr. Belis Aladag: They got
Akinwande: Chocolate with mushrooms in it all types of stuff.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Maybe ask them, next time you know
Akinwande: I know I didn't go look at me, but I can I get you to fetch, get out.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, sure. Maybe don't ask them.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, scratch that.
Akinwande: I'm more street smart and books more
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah okay that yeah you trust your own
Akinwande: Intuition with that. Yeah. Plus, Oakland Oakland and COO. I hate it out.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Is it okay
Akinwande: Yeah, you. You didn't know that open is bad Oakland got like one of the highest murder rates like next Detroit, you know that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh terrible
Akinwande: banded out there like they like put a coronavirus
Akinwande: Tell the people out there. Got that they're having a sideshow why everybody's sick over there and they cut off the whole block.
Akinwande: They're like
Akinwande: Oh nice guy like 67 people they took over 200 cars.
Akinwande: Yeah, Oakland crazy. They shoot at police over there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, man.
Akinwande: That's not good. Yeah.
Akinwande: Oakland is bad. That's why right now they're raising up
Akinwande: The House payments.
Akinwande: So auto ghetto. People will move out there, kicking a ball to Section eight so now they come
Akinwande: Out here to Antioch. He conquered Richmond and all that.
Akinwande: A better place, but it's, I don't think it's gonna get better.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But it's not good for you guys because all this
Akinwande: Stuff. Now it's coming over here like I know somebody got shot on like highway for like this happened like three times already in the past few months.
Akinwande: So they just bring into ghetto everywhere else.
Oh, man.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's crazy.
Akinwande: I did not know that.
Akinwande: I really deal with that in the Coronado
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's a whole nother story.
Akinwande: Yeah, that's Rona unpredictable.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Akinwande: It was nice talking to you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: nice talking to you. I'm just sending you an email right now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So if you check your email, you'll see that you need to set up your appointments with, uh, with your therapist individual therapists and for groups, your group is going to be Mondays at 9am but you check into the virtual clinic at like 8:30am
Akinwande: Right here. Can I do it every other Monday. Today's my kids.
Akinwande: In here because they don't keep me all over the place.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, you can do every other Monday for now and then figure it out.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, we can just try that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so, so now all you need to do is call the virtual clinic and say, I need a therapy appointment.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And that
Akinwande: Way I can just click back on here.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're gonna just when you, you're gonna have to say end session or whatever. Leave meeting and then put in the number, the other number, the number that you need is going to be the 408 number do you have that
Akinwande: Uh, yeah, I think it's the very first one they give you when you register.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, the 408 sorry
Akinwande: We made you want to start working with people because me. I hate people. Honestly, people ignore the shit out. So what made you want to work with people.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, I, I like people i i don't know i i really do. I mean, I like talking to you today, like I learned so much just from hearing your stories. I feel like, you know, I get to live a piece of something that I never would have been exposed to. If you, if I never talked to, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: I so I do I enjoy. I like talking to people and I like different types of people and getting
Akinwande: To that absolutely makes that that's what will make me feel weird all the different emotions that I would have to deal with.
Akinwande: Different attitudes and I'm the type of person. I don't like people were added to lock I stay on Saturday heartbeat. So, oh no, I don't think I could do something like that but I salute you, though, you know, most other people
Dr. Belis Aladag: Thank you. That's very kind.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Thank you. And I'm it's true. I'm being very honest. It was a pleasure meeting you. And I think you're you're on the right path I commend you for doing this today and like sticking up for your own health. Taking the time for your health.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Even though all this chaos is happening around you, including coronavirus
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're taking the time to be like, Okay, I want to do the right thing. I want to stop using this stuff. I want to be there.
Akinwande: With my kids. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You want to be there for your kids. So that's what's more noble than that so
Akinwande: Well, I
Akinwande: Tell you, I love my kids. My kids love me as soon as they see me data, you just go crazy.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's awesome.
Akinwande: My son, so he go home and see
Ah,
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's good seeing you have you have that bond already
Akinwande: So I'm
Dr. Belis Aladag: Going to be great. I think you're going to meet your own goal of getting yourself cleaned up and doing the right thing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But, you know, it takes work. And it takes effort. And a reminder, and that's why you're doing this so
Dr. Belis Aladag: So do it so call that 408 number now zoom, zoom into the 408 and tell them hey I need to get a therapy session scheduled and that's it. After that, we'll see you Memorial Day I guess we'll see you that Monday.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Homework. Okay.
Akinwande: All right, nice talking to you. Have a nice day.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Bye Bye bye.